fi	lynxfin	Finland Amway Store
da	lynxdnk	Denmark Amway Store
no	lynxnor	Norway Amway Store
sv	lynxswe	Sweden Amway Store
nl	lynxnld	Netherlands Amway Store
nl	lynxbel	Belgium Amway Store
pt	lynxprt	Portugal Amway Store
es	lynxesp	Spain Amway Store
de	lynxche	Switzerland Amway Store
el	lynxgrc	Greece Amway Store
fr	lynxfra	France Amway Store
de	lynxdeu	Germany Amway Store
it	lynxita	Italy Amway Store
en	lynxirl	Ireland Amway Store
en	lynxgbr	UK Amway Store
de	lynxaut	Austria Amway Store
cs	lynxcze	Czech Republic Amway Store
lv	lynxlva	Latvia Amway Store
lt	lynxltu	Lithuania Amway Store
hu	lynxhun	Hungary Amway Store
et	lynxest	Estonia Amway Store
bg	lynxbgr	Bulgaria Amway Store
sk	lynxsvk	Slovakia Amway Store
ro	lynxrou	Romania Amway Store
hr	lynxhrv	Croatia Amway Store
pl	lynxpol	Poland Amway Store
sl	lynxsvn	Slovenia Amway Store
tr	lynxtur	Turkey Amway Store



select {l.isocode},{bs.uid},{bs.name[en]} from 

{BaseStore as bs 
join Language as l on {bs.defaultLanguage} ={l.pk}
} 